sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: omg my friends list is huge 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: bro tele to me!
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: omg he hasnt played this old of server
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: 757 ghost is freaking out lol
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: lol y?
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: see what i mean xd he never played old classic servers before
sam sent to sgsrocks: where else to kill stuff  
sgsrocks sent to sam: theres more teleports if u scroll down in te list
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: is there more blue dragon somehwere
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: go down the ladder at thge banks 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: go down the ladder
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: ok ty 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: at the banks
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: where are u
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: skillz i cant find ladder 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: teleport to train and its right by the barbarians 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: ok i see 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: train has 4 diffent levels
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: i need 99 attack  
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: you forgot about the 2nd level did u xd
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: yea
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: lmao 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: thought so xd 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: also does pring have the old stats 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: u should give pring +999999 all stats like old days :) 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: does zgs have best stats for godsword?
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: im getting something ready one sec 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: pring have +99999 stats?
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: also is zgs better than ags? 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: can u test something for me quick 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: yes?
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: i want to know price of cut onyx 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: vesta= nothing special 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: tf i didnt do the ghost quest
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: lol 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: i got no way to train range 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: no range shop, no knife to make bow
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: ok fletch shop has knife and log 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: but no bowstring
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: ah bro the targer 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: target 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: if this is gh there should be alot of hidden shops that was here
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: any way to get to old shops location?
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: wasnt it in mining place 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: remember it was hidden
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: um maybe
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: theres ton of code swaped that i didnt do 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: the source looks very diffent from v,1 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: fuck i gotta find it 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: youll lose your mind 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: did gh have it?
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: fuck no
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: did it look custom? 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: yeah goddamn pikkachus and shit
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: lol u find pikas 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: i cant remem for the life of me how i got there
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: but it was a common thing 
sgsrocks sent to liltdog2: ya its a acommand forgot what it is
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: ::cbox 
ykz sent to sgsrocks: wheres ghost plave
ykz sent to sgsrocks: how do i get thter
rico sent to ykz: yoo
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: yo what up jesse
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: omg i can tele now?!!
ykz sent to sgsrocks: hows fisihgin
geoff sent to sgsrocks: ye works bro, kept relogging me before 
sgsrocks sent to geoff: you got mic 
sgsrocks sent to geoff: ?
sgsrocks sent to geoff: better? 
geoff sent to sgsrocks: yh all good just nipping for a smoke 
liltdog2 sent to sgsrocks: im at those one fkers from earlier 
mewtwo sent to sgsrocks: hey
mrwest sent to sgsrocks: how do u change to normal mage
Thomas sent to sgsrocks: im stuck 
Thomas sent to sgsrocks: i think
Thomas sent to sgsrocks: im at home rn 
Thomas sent to sgsrocks: wsuppp
Thomas sent to sgsrocks: wsupp
Thomas sent to sgsrocks: yo 
Thomas sent to sgsrocks: yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
Arberj sent to sgsrocks: yo 
sgsrocks sent to arberj: can you give me a list of dc bugs u find xd
arberj sent to sgsrocks: yup 
arberj sent to sgsrocks: is there still a teleto command
198078 sent to sgsrocks: ohhhhhh jesse boi 
sgsrocks sent to bif0yu6lfvji: 
sgsrocks sent to jes: test
sgsrocks sent to goku: i want to show u something
savage goon sent to sgsrocks: hey!
Ageofstorms sent to sgsrocks: @train if you looking for me 
Ageofstorms sent to sgsrocks: is there meat tendyriser hammer ingame?
sgsrocks sent to ageofstorms: join my clan chat
savage goon sent to sgsrocks: hey
sgsrocks sent to savage_goon: go to the party room ;p 
savage goon sent to sgsrocks: how  
savage goon sent to sgsrocks: srry was afk
savage goon sent to sgsrocks: im at mine
sgsrocks sent to swoc: is silver you? 
teddiehbearr sent to sgsrocks: ayooo
craig sent to sgsrocks: heyhye
eric andre sent to sgsrocks: what was the cool x tele to get the old cool rares
eric andre sent to sgsrocks: i forgot lol
eric andre sent to sgsrocks: tele me lol im on ancients 
eric andre sent to sgsrocks: how to do agility again? :p
eric andre sent to dgk: lol got hilt 
potleaf sent to dgk: got hilt and shard 1 so far lol
potleaf sent to dgk: not having the best luck 
potleaf sent to dgk: loving the pring lol
potleaf sent to dgk: just got extra bcp too lol
potleaf sent to dgk: my luck is turning around
potleaf sent to dgk: lol 
potleaf sent to dgk: will need sgs to make godswords atm
potleaf sent to dgk: cant craft em atm
dgk sent to potleaf: g
potleaf sent to sgsrocks: hey brother :)
potleaf sent to condemnedone: where ya at haha
condemnedone sent to potleaf: just froze had to reload 
potleaf sent to condemnedone: oh ok xd
condemnedone sent to potleaf: kbd drop anything? pet? 
condemnedone sent to potleaf: night m8] 
potleaf sent to condemnedone: gn 
potleaf sent to condemnedone: im off too lol 
condemnedone sent to potleaf: ight have a wonderful day peace out
potleaf sent to condemnedone: ty u2 
potleaf sent to nine: partyhat is a sick minigame too
potleaf sent to nine: where ya go to lol? 
nine sent to potleaf: kree 
potleaf sent to nine: nicee
potleaf sent to nine: you got to kree?
nine sent to potleaf: yeah 
potleaf sent to nine: how
nine sent to potleaf: gwd 
nine sent to potleaf: south 
potleaf sent to nine: oh kree sara boss? 
nine sent to potleaf: armadyl 
potleaf sent to nine: oh right but wont let me get to em
potleaf sent to nine: can ya show me lol
nine sent to potleaf: there is some dead clicks 
potleaf sent to nine: ohh i see 
nine sent to potleaf: what the drop rates 
potleaf sent to nine: there are none atm hes still working on a fair bit
nine sent to potleaf: i got ags hilt
potleaf sent to goku: well then lol  
potleaf sent to goku: there use to be a way to get to a dragon cave with all the dragons 
testrfe sent to sgsrocks: test
sgsrocks sent to testrfe: test
testrfe sent to sgsrocks: helo
potleaf sent to goku: what doin lol
potleaf sent to goku: is your name brandon brother?
goku sent to potleaf: working  ?
goku sent to potleaf: can you see this ? 
